the machinery inside us
it has seven curtains
They have to awaken
you in this way.
Now when we talk about machinery
So those people
miss such machinery
that which is not alive
but a living machinery for him
It has to be awakened,
it has to be awakened.
But many people do
not even understand that
what cannot be done with these vibrations!
I have told you that when vibrations
are flowing completely from within you
and there is not the slightest
complaint about it, then
you are in complete bliss.
Whatever physical, mental, or
intellectual problems you may have
You are completely unwell;
If the vibrations are flowing
through your body at full strength.
You are thoughtless
as a witness,
This is an indication, this is an
indication, this is an indication
That you have become
fully what you are capable of.
Now those who do not flow,
who remain half incomplete,
what we miss
That fault is their own,
It is neither of vibration
nor of Sahaja Yoga.
I said physical,
mental, and intellectual.
who are your guardians
they run away,
There are no
corpses in your body,
But they are useful for you.
You can pretend to be
angry whenever you want,
You can do whatever
drama you want.
your mind is far reaching
If you read Geeta after realization
then you can understand that
What is the meaning of Geeta?
What is Geeta saying?
You come to the
element of knowledge.
This is not just an indication,
it should also be thought about,
This is an indication for you,
a sign for you that it is flowing.
As if the car is moving, how ahead
Going, smoke is coming out from behind,
This is just a sign of it.
But the car is moving,
what is this? How else ?
This also has to
be thought about.
When you were not in joy, when your
vibrations were not flowing from within
At that time you did not
have any grant or contribution.
No contribution,
you were just taking,
You were taking it from nature,
You were taking nature as it is.
you used to eat food,
You use the valuable
things on this earth.
all that nature has created There
are things, you have been using them.
You don't have to give him
anything, you only have to take;
you eat food, you wear clothes
You lived in houses, all that stuff
Whatever brick you may have added to it,
I am all that,
You have taken something
from nature, not from nature.
But when the vibration from within you
When you start flowing, you start giving.
You should understand
the way you give naturally.
just came from an eggman today
both husband and wife
He started telling me that
in our garden On
the sapota tree,
With great difficulty the
cheeks were attached to it,
And there was no taste at all
in it, there was nothing at all,
And we only mother,
You came to our house once,
And after washing your
feet, he used to pour its water,
Then we gave vibrations.
So, about a thousand sapotas arrive
in our area every two to three days.
And he brought it today to show.
What a beautiful
fragrance was coming.
And so many good bananas
grew on the banana tree here.
This means that here we have so much It is
a great surprise that it has become greener.
In the same land, in the same
season, no fertilizer was applied there.
-Did not put anything,
Just added vibrated water,
and gave my vibrations
And see how the nature is there.
Now you, when the
vibrations come inside you
Then it is yours to pay.
you are giving vibrations
as if you are oozing
consciousness
from within yourself
And you are injecting
consciousness into nature.
You don't know, you don't
know, you don't know this.
Just as sages and sages
used to go to the forests earlier.
And he used to go
there and meditate.
Because the peace of nature,
Its balance and harmony,
Its balance,
be united in it
And that will make
them familiar to them,
There may be some
effect on their chakras,
That by sitting in
such a beautiful place,
May their hearts rejoice,
And by staying there it is possible that
their Let the Kundilini power within awaken
And they should attain
that ultimate essence.
But after realization I
You become so adorned
with this thing, these vibrations.
That you yourself are a giver,
Knowledge comes to you
yourself and you donate it to nature.
Wherever you go, you don't know,
But after seeing you and
receiving your vibrations
Flowers, leaves, trees, birds,
animals, (unintelligible) feel that spirit,
feel
They feel familiar
with it and feel happy.
You must have seen that there
was a white dog in our place.
you guys will remember
his caste was very small
And he didn't even have
enough food to drink.
but it was in very good health
And when we used to
take him to the doctor,
He used to ask what breed
it was, it was a stray dog.
It's grown so much
and it's understood
and everything is
And its health
is so first class,
If you send this to any show So
this one will always get first prize.
A strange thing and
saw its vibrations myself,
Because of those vibrations The
dog is also so strong and so athletic.
If you knew there were horses
Yes, horses understand everything.
And if he sees any ghost that night,
he The elders start screaming loudly.
Sometimes dogs cry so you understand
Suppose they have seen something like this,
Then they cry, they see it.
They feel it.
They cannot be seen with the
eyes, but can be felt from within.
He will cry, I don't know why
he is crying, but he will cry.
Similarly, the person
from whom the vibrations
come, Dogs, cats, snakes,
everyone knows him.
Children recognize.
Your donations are complete.
Now you can enjoy in nature.
You can let nature
inspire you too
Because this thing is
flowing from inside you.
Then you will say that
this is just old wedding,
All these are far away, then
what is it that when all If it
is remote then why should
we eat every tree, thing, leaf.
This is the thing about that
man, it should be understood,
Why are humans so important?
There is a huge contrast.
Why is mother bowing at
your feet again and again?
Why is she working
so hard with you?
However, you people are
very slow moving people. Why?
This is because man's These
vibrations passing from within are
They become such that the whole
earth You can take it, adopt it. That
As if you have a cow, cow!
Have you seen that
eat grass, drink water
And when it has milk, the
child can drink it and grow.
If you let him eat
grass then the child
The child won't even eat.
It cannot grow on water;
But only after going
inside the cow, Milk is
produced which the
child drinks and grows up.
Similarly in a realized man Only after
entering these vibrations a special scope,
a very narrow range
We carry within ourselves
those things which have come
from the past. They work
even in the smallest detail.
Works perfectly.
Propene is called jis.
Exactly like that, they
become very subtle.
As soon as it enters the human
body, as soon as it enters the capillaries
These vibrations become
audible in exactly this way.
They become capable
of being absorbed.
How amazing Shuja is.
Secondly, nature has also
created such places of its own.
We have created our own places in such a way
that Where such vibrations are satisfied.
This means that he is not a
human being but is like a stone;
Nature has filled those
stones with these vibrations,
They have also been
given shape and form
Like the dear nature of our place
You know and Ganesha is there,
And there is Mahalakshmi
ji and our Mahadev ji.
And in whatever place is created, If it is
filled with vibrations then it is vibrated;
But also the vibrations that
are flowing are its awareness,
its Handling, its upscale
is no more than you guys.
You must understand that
this is a very subtle approach.
Made very subtle.
very fine to very fine
the tiniest of the tiniest
You absorb it within yourself
first Do it and then you find it.
All the pervading things
are flowing out of you, okay,
But they are heard inside you
And something or the
other, your grant for this
is inside, that's why
they become so subtle
So that people can achieve it.
Now understand your importance.
Unless it passes through humans
Will molecular change not occur till then?
But what is this,
You should think, mother,
how does this happen?
The all-pervading power
that comes from within
man When she goes, what
special thing does she do?
What does she achieve?
This is for you to see.
When, If you look at the vast,
what is the vast thing?
I am explaining it to you
on the basis of an example:
That you a light or light aside and
place a picture in front of it on the right
And place a picture
in front of it on the right
And here you place the screen
So you will see that
the big screen is ready,
And a large version of the
same is ready on that screen.
When these two things happen then this God
And this is his power and this is Virat.
Within this vast universe,
there is a lot of this power,
smallest, smallest, smallest
Whatever creations
there are, all will be visible.
Because they will become bigger,
they will become enlarged', bigger.
Now I have explained
this in a very modern way,
So it does not happen at once
because its dimensions are very high,
But still I have written this
for you to understand. It has
been explained in such a
way that you can understand it.
Now that which is vast,
which is also primordial,
He is huge, all the powers inside
him yes, all that power appears small
But with his protection you
You can find out how big she is;
It is microscopic,
what a huge proof it is.
Now you are also
inside that giant
And what are you
subsidizing in this
And you have to see
how you are working there.
(Marathi: NOT CLEAR)
Virat's upper body from top to
bottom The body parts are places,
There is a place in the rise,
there is a place above in the rise,
There is love, everything is
like ours, but much bigger,
And there is religion in it too, there
is green in it too there is one thing
And there is
excrement in it too,
There is also
waste pressure in it
What you people call obstacles
or negativity is also waste.
And there are two groups in it,
demons also, ghosts also, all of them
are present there. There are ghosts
and demons too. As their status
increases, Increasingly, they have
been sitting in the upward direction.
As soon as you cross today,
you are among the gods,
Now you have become
gods, you are gods,
You are not a
saint, you are a god.
Saint means one who is
going to join the deities.
meaning anytime
you say right now
But the indifference that I fall into
He is a complete deity, he is a deity.
And this power
of God is like this,
That which is the
all-pervading power of God,
Understand their blood.
it grows from within them
He also puts his divinity in it.
They pour blood.
Adding divinity means
adding anti-body.
i.e. antibodies
If we want to talk on human
level then we will say like this
The antibodies in the
blood are also weak.
The divinity that is there makes
the blood like this makes it so
makes subtle
That it can go deep
inside, inside every cell.
You are in a situation where you Divinity
should be asked to give you Lakshmi.
Now you think that you What a great
work I, the mighty power, am doing.
There are many people like me too who right
now couldn't understand the thing that
What a big thing it is.
This is because,
as you guys say,
It's your love, Ma!
But more than my illusion,
it is your madness that
What is the existence of this thing,
you This thing is not being solved.
And perhaps I have assumed
this body only to save you.
That you believe this thing, not
with your intellect, but with your heart.
And understand which
place you are sitting.
What is your form, what
is your condition today.
As soon as you realize that you are
in this condition today, what happens?
As soon as you know that today I am king It
has happened, the way of thinking changes;
its smallness, its
incompleteness, its Madness
also makes everything
secondary to him.
Now he is sitting in
the place of the king.
That Vibrated Cradle is easy
as you people think, but it is
not so. You people have
worked hard in your previous birth,
You guys have worked
very hard, You could
not have come to this
condition without him.
And those whose half
remained incomplete for some
reason Now they will
have to fulfill it in this life.
(Unclear...) There are some of
you who are like this. We came
here after working hard and
this time we crossed, we crossed.
For some reason, some
people were going half-way.
For some reason,
but that's also physical.
But that is also due
to physical reasons.
We told you his entire
method, his complete know how.
And we will tell you, I have
come to tell you everything.
Gonna open up everything,
But Maya is still
present in many things.
Now we have received
a letter from a gentleman.
Near me, they are
very angry with us here,
The Americans were angry and
went somewhere in Pondicherry.
There is a man
named Guru Vashishtha
And he knows
everything about us.
They all told them for
an hour, they told them
Said you don't know,
you go and touch his feet
You haven't understood
from which place they are.
Now if only he would forgive.
This is how he told
everything about us.
But you people will not
accept it, so much As much
as those people will
accept and understand it;
There is something
missing in that recognition.
But as much as you are
internalizing your beliefs
This means the end
of your civilization.
You have nothing
to do with that belief,
To be, to be is nothing,
The more your eyes are opened,
the more recognition you get.
How will you believe when
your eyes are not even open?
Therefore, those whose
eyes are open, Wherever
they are sitting, they
are understanding.
But your eyes
are partially open,
Hence the belief that he has.
Guru Vashishtha who sat in Pondicherry
and came to know us from there,
Even after sitting in front
of us and knowing us,
And couldn't understand
even after listening to us
And he filled the tape
from there If you send
it then tell it to your
mother after knowing it.
And tell everyone that
mother is this thing,
And mother is this in person.
But it is called a wrong raga.
Because they make rules
for eating and drinking.
Because his eyes have
been completely opened.
What about us?
We are what we are.
We are not going to change
whether you see it or not.
if you don't understand.
So how much did you witness?
See how much you have known.
This is also an indication.
This is also a sign.
This is a sign of your asang.
Now you must be
understanding that It was due to
these vibrations that the
universe was awakened.
Vibrations can be sent
to the entire creation,
Your aunties go there.
If we believe in divinity
then Aunty is Bodyj and
if we believe in demonhood
then we are Aunty Jeanie;
Aunt Jeanie is a monster, and
Divinity is there, its name is Auntie Bodyz
And the war between
these two also continues.
You can give this divinity
flowing in your body,
Normally man cannot give.
Only those who have received
these vibrations can give,
And people can't give.
Therefore understand the
importance of these vibrations.
these vibrations It is only because
of this that you can give in this world.
Before this you could not
give, you could only take;
Because you took from
nature, creation You
took it from, after
coming home you took it,
You took it after coming
home, you took it from the sky.
You have taken from all the five
great spirits, and you are living.
And now you are giving, and
what are you giving – Divinity!
you have your own element
Where there are ten Sahaja
Yogis, it has to be given also.
That's why I tell you now You have got
a new vision, there will be new priorities.
You are sitting where the gods are
present, where Hanuman is sitting.
I can't see you,
what should I do?
But the one who is
going to see will see it.
All the living beings
are sitting here.
Everyone is sitting here.
Come with me now, with me.
What's really wrong with you!
Everyone is stationed above you.
Everyone has come,
Ganesh ji is sitting.
Everyone is sitting,
in sitting position.
Everyone is sitting here
and Blessings to you.
I was just wondering how I
appreciate that you come to me like this
You will be sitting holding hands and yours
Go to Kundilini and open Brahmarandra.
It's possible, how can it
happen? It cannot happen
if a man says it, but it
has happened to you.
the reason for that,
The reason for this
is that there is divinity
within you, Tell all you
gods to meditate on this;
In one meditation, in one
program I am explaining to you.
If you sit separately and
meditate in your own home
And say I worship myself
or I meditate on myself
It won't make any sense,
I'm telling you because
it's a wake up call.
And it will be me with Jagrat,
Everything will happen
only in company.
In Kalyug, there is
going to be strength
only in company, this
is a show-off campaign.
Everyone who has been born in a
different world is not with you today.
Everyone should sit together to do
this Meditate, make lamps, offer prayers;
If you get a fruit from
something separated,
So you are sitting together, a
thousand times more of these
things You will get more
results and you will enjoy it.
I myself saw people who
program every day, every
time He used to come in,
he went to a great height,
And those who ever came, no
one came (unclear.. jot) and The
vibrations of those who never
come are going on in the same way.
Now you will say Mataji,
we worship you very
much. Do it, and keep
the photos, there is no use.
Another thing will have to be given, unless
You will not give your vibrations to people
You will not know its benefits.
Because as long as the man
is there, I have to endure it
many times. Am (unclear- that
Shanspiti Buchi does not come),
I would have someone
with my arm hold her hand.
Yes, if he is jealous
then I understand him.
The number of times I told you
that your hand will be raised to donate
That number of times
your Kundilini will rise,
The more times you
wake up the more,
The more you get promoted, the more
your game will increase and you will rise.
It's not your situation,
you come up, no problem,
But even now those who
know, those who watch Those
who think that you have
not reached their level,
I challenge you, though. That
you all know about Kundilini,
You understand everything.
No one knows you
as well as you do;
neither.
Even Shankaracharya ji did
not know, although he is very big,
of many people
You are not even worth
the dust of their feet
but Even they did not
know as much as you did.
You know the reason
for that, but only We have
to go mentally, nothing
has to go internally.
I have to go mentally
because I told you.
On this finger it comes, on that finger
But it comes, this happens, that happens;
Taught you everything
and made you memorize it.
I read it but from inside,
nothing from inside!
There is still a lot
to come from within,
It had to be very
clear from inside.
Some have some wrong ideas,
some have some incompleteness,
There is something in
someone, it all goes away,
Because those poor
people did not know anything.
Whatever he achieved,
he attributed it to his
hard work. By dedicating
oneself completely.
Your dedication is very,
very, very little. Very sad.
And that's why you
think to yourself, you
little Can't understand
the C thing vibration
And that's why you
think to yourself, you
little Can't understand
the C thing vibration
Shankaracharya has said
about these vibrations only
That millions and millions of me
Sometimes it happens to one half man,
And many people
have one half, he said.
And those who will survive here when
We'll see if no no no no all the fodder,
But they will know me,
they will know me And
then they will say
that this is the thing,
And what remained there, now in
our times this issue did not exist.
They will say, you guys
would have said otherwise.
Because your eyes are
still not open from inside.
The proof is there within you.
You have to know that thing today.
You have known me
all this mentally, because
I will explain many
big things to you,
Because I make you see it
completely, I give you proof of that;
I tell you things that you heard No
and you look at him saying yes, yes.
And you look at
him and say yes, yes.
Mentally you have accepted
me, but not internally. When
you know me from inside,
you will say that it is like this.
It's a simultaneous thing, as soon as You
will know yourself, you will also know me;
That's his sign,
that's his sign.
If a man is blind then you It is
visible that he is going with his grip.
If a man is walking a little behind you,
you will understand that he is half blind.
But if someone is walking straight
then it is a sign that he is not blind.
This is a sign and man is
recognized only by that sign.
This sign itself indicates
that the man is not blind.
Once it happened that a man said
that I am blind, I cannot see anything;
And his claim would be made in the
court That they said this man is not blind,
He can see it and he lies.
So he said, well, how
will it be identified?
So this is very difficult
it says I can't see
Gives and you say that
he lies that he is blind.
So he said how will we know?
So the judge was very
smart, who She immediately
picked up a hair
and threw it at him,
So he was not blind, so
he suddenly got hair. He
caught hold of him and
realized that he was not blind.
This is a sign, that is a sign,
Whatever behavior you people
have, whatever ways, which There is
also a manner, it is an indication
of how much truth you have spoken.
There is no need for him to
say, No need to tell anyone else.
This is an inside signal,
and you deceive yourself,
You are playing tricks on
yourself, you are playing tricks
on yourself You are
arguing, you are after yourself.
If you leave this, you
don't accept it mentally.
Flow, flow, raise your heart,
You will be surprised, but very Subtle,
many things can happen while we are alive,
Many more can be made.
But never satisfied in this matter
Don't pretend that I have achieved a lot.
Be satisfied with everything
else, it is very important.
But that's all there is to say,
no, we haven't identified yet.
He is not yet
realized from within,
We have not yet known
ourselves, he is satisfied.
A huge need for awakening from
within Yes, there will be a need to feel.
And God gave you people I have
searched for that great Manvantar,
For that great work, which is
called Transformation of Virat.
To change from one era to another
God has appointed you people.
You guys will sit on that wheel. That You
people are also moving around on the wheel.